1. What is Git?

   -->Git is a version control system for tracking changes in computer files and is used to help coordinate work among several people on a project while tracking progress over time. 
      In other words, it’s a tool that facilitates source code management in software development.
        Git favors both programmers and non-technical users by keeping track of their project files. It enables multiple users to work together and handles large projects efficiently

2. What do you understand by the term ‘Version Control System’?

    -->A version control system (VCS) records all the changes made to a file or set of data, so a specific version may be called later if needed.

3. What’s the difference between Git and GitHub?

    -->Git is a software

       GitHub is a service

        Git can be installed locally on the system

        GitHub is hosted on the web

         >Git - Provides a desktop interface called git GUI

        GitHub   - Provides a desktop interface called GitHub Desktop.

           >Git   It does not support user management features

           GitHub    Provides built-in user management.

4. What is a Git repository?
Git repository refers to a place where all the Git files are stored. These files can either be stored on the local repository or on the remote repository.

git-repo

5. How can you initialize a repository in Git?
If you want to initialize an empty repository to a directory in Git, you need to enter the git init command. After this command, a hidden .git folder will appear.

taha-git

6. How is Git different from Subversion (SVN)?
GIT

SVN

Git is a distributed decentralized version control system

SVN is a centralized version control system.

Git stores content in the form of metadata.

SVN stored data in the form of files.

The master contains the latest stable release.

In SVN, the trunk directory has the latest stable release 

The contents of Git are hashed using the SHA-1 hash algorithm.

SVN doesn’t support hashed contents. 

7. Name a few Git commands with their function.
Git config - Configure the username and email address
Git add - Add one or more files to the staging area
Git diff - View the changes made to the file
Git init - Initialize an empty Git repository
Git commit - Commit changes to head but not to the remote repository

8. What are the advantages of using Git?
Faster release cycles
Easy team collaboration
Widespread acceptance 
Maintains the integrity of source code
Pull requests
git-7.

9. What language is used in Git?
Git is a fast and reliable version control system, and the language that makes this possible is ‘C.’ 


10. What is the correct syntax to add a message to a commit?
 git commit -m "x files created"

11. Which command is used to create an empty Git repository?
git init - This command helps to create an empty repository while working on a project. 

12. What does git pull origin master do?
The git pull origin master fetches all the changes from the master branch onto the origin and integrates them into the local branch.

git pull = git fetch + git merge origin/ master


13.  What does the git push command do?
The Git push command is used to push the content in a local repository to a remote repository. After a local repository has been modified, a push is executed to share the modifications with remote team members.

Git-push-command

14. Difference between git fetch and git pull.


Git Fetch

Git Pull

The Git fetch command only downloads new data from a remote repository.

Git pull updates the current HEAD branch with the latest changes from the remote server.

It does not integrate any of these new data into your working files.

Downloads new data and integrate it with the current working files.

Command - git fetch origin

git fetch --all

Tries to merge remote changes with your local ones.

Command - git pull origin master

15. GitHub, GitLab and Bitbucket are examples of git repository _______ function?
hosting. All the three are services for hosting Git repositories

16. What do you understand about the Git merge conflict?
A Git merge conflict is an event that occurs when Git is unable to resolve the differences in code between the two commits automatically. 

